can I travel nightmare a massive storm unleashing snow and ice and rain and soon high winds across the country to screw up travel across the country inn already at the taco from millions on the move for Thanksgiving
control battle the fight over Obamacare and religious freedom in the Supreme Court
double agents of secret government plan exposed
how do you Western Guantanamo Bay prisoners in the spies and turn the moves
how they are changing a Thanksgiving tradition
headquarters in New York NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams
good evening is already tinnitus storm that stretches from the southern tip of Florida up to Nova Scotia and at its core which is a moving target right now
it's dumping a ton of misery on several states the timing of the storm could not be worse because of what it does on the ground in the air to the business of getting around 700 flight delays already in this storm is just getting started
the satellite picture of the nation from space shows the expanse of it tomorrow is the busiest travel day of the year 43 million Americans on the move
and while the storm is churning in the eastern part of the country is affects of course will be felt all over is where we begin
again tonight NBC stop Costello is out in it in Pittsburgh tonight I'm getting
hi Brian effect in this area we used to have snow earlier today now is Dr Seuss born
showing extreme rain and cold out here for the ladies on hundred flight cancellations Nationwide we flew in today from Atlanta and we can tell you that it was a little bit of Roscoe and across the country everybody is doing today
the world's busiest airport in Atlanta
cold driving range on the ramp for Robert cotton
Griffin lay off and you know I know how long you going to be outside
inside a Russian activity and just a handful delays and cancellations
Atlanta
tick tock my flight was among does delay
waiting at the gate with me Stacy Danko trying to get home to Youngstown the
plan
the way to didn't last long
Atlanta 90 minutes now head of Pittsburgh
the rain in Atlanta 400 winter landscape on a protein to Pittsburgh Airport blanket by about an inch of snow
never been this battery travel from school after you're like a bad
northern Michigan Ishida vyshla to a motor vehicle accident near Flint MI 75 percent lowers your Whitehall the dashboard cam
this truck jackknife Enid barely missing an already stopped car near Roanoke Virginia drivers permit with a quarter inch thick
long Long Island New York super Franks in Del Rio have seen this before a holiday rush and treacherous roads
is it going to be emo
places that I would soon
and then factoring the weather
probably going to create
very slow going and still 36 hours till Thanksgiving morning
yeah the Fulton New York Pennsylvania bracing for a lot of snow in a lot of rain from quite a few parents concerned about the kids driving back from college get another thing to be concerned about Brian absolutely Tom Costello starting a saw from Pittsburgh Thompson
take a look at the life pictures of i-90 open
Buffalo where they don't scare easily in water soap the traffic is moving along the northern regions of the storm lyrics Peking 8 to 12 inches of snow before it's all over tonight meteorologist Jennifer Lopez
kind of knife to join us to look at where this is going in what's in store in genocider stand the winds on the back and are going to make for kind of a second wave of light problem
exactly and that's when to come behind the system to win the head of the system make us up to 60 miles an hour in the northeast along the coastline when rain snow and Nealley the potential for tornadoes from Myrtle Beach to Jacksonville from Tallahassee to Tampa Florida tonight
coffee to lace up and down the eastern seaboard computer forecast model track it through tonight is mainly rain from New York City download Washington CDC
back edges that snow ban you spoke about going to produce any work from 8 to 12 inches maybe even up to 18 inches of snow across portions of Lake Ontario
here it is 6 a.m. Wednesday we still sing Big delays from New York City up into New England and more heavy rain moving through the region it starts to taper off around 6 o'clock in the evening on Wednesday but the damage weapon to be done by then
because the storm generation and how large is to
potential for rainfall 2 to 4 inches what is the reason effective 1260 12 inches of snow maybe even more than that of to 18 inches
alisado the lakes upstate New York that extend back into a portion of Ohio as well as Pennsylvania how to turn off Windows right around 8 o'clock Thursday morning
talking about just between 35 and 45 miles an hour from Boston
downtown New York City the course of the big Thanksgiving Day Parade is going to happen here in New York City on Thursday and there's a threshold in terms of the wind
free close Macys will let everybody know where those large balloons will fly but definitely Buy Thanksgiving Day the weather is a la cama across the country can't wait for that
play everybody will need to be where they need to be by then genocide
The Weather Center will keep an eye on all about Janis thanks in other news Obamacare is back at the Supreme Court
this time the question is about religion and weather this new healthcare law require companies to offer contraceptives are justice course pond Pete Williams join us for my Washington bureau tonight with this latest challenge to the lobby creep
Brian good evening the Supreme Court has already rolled corporations have free speech rights now it has agreed to take a big question it is never answered before do private companies also have freedom of religion
the Oklahoma family that owns the Hobby Lobby with more than 550 arts and craft stores nationwide employed 13000 people does the company is found on religious principles
we believe how hard to believe that it is by God's grace improvision the Hobby Lobby has been successful
therefore we see Don Hammond all that we do
what is providing insurance coverage for contraceptive measures like the morning after pill is the equivalent of paying for abortion violating is religious freedom
similar claim comes from a Pennsylvania woodworking company owned by a Mennonite family what does a company even
freedom of religion quarts are divided
everybody grease that's some organizations and companies have to have some religious freedoms take a church take a religious hospital the question we don't know is how far does that go to go to a craft store that happens to have religious owners
religious institutions including churches in other non profit 7 exemptions from the requirement to provide contraceptive coverage for profit company space define a fail to comply
freedom of religion is more than what you have in your head when you go to church services where you work at your family at your whole life that's exactly what
the framers of the Constitution have in mind start out
defending the law the Obama administration says nearly half of all pregnancies in the US are unintended costing healthcare 5 billion dollars a year in women's group say access to contraceptives is not just about birth control
oral contraceptives can reduce the risk of ovarian cancer BYOP to 50 percent so given that we have very few weapons against ovarian cancer this is very important for women
the coral probably hear this case in late March with the decision sometime before the end of June Bryant
Williamson Rd C newsroom tonight Pizza X over seas in Afghanistan the deal for what happens after US combat troops leave next year
is subway on very shaky ground tonight Afghanistan's President Karzai upping the ante now making new demands in a meeting with National City
visor Susan Rice saying he needs more concessions to let American troops stay in this country even on a non combat bases
Deal or No Deal the Americans still on the ground are in a top spot preparing to come home with so much work still
head Archie foreign correspondent Richard Engel Hazal report tonight from forward operating base Cambury in eastern Afghanistan Richard the deep
good evening Brian this deal does seem to be in jeopardy in for American troops on outpost like this one and others like it
its personal they are there family for trying to determine whether American forces will still have to reply to this country the future or whether the war in Afghanistan will truly be over next year
the 10th Mountain Division Lock N Load and roll out
heading down to what may be the most ionic border in the world
Crossing to Pakistan
the people in trucks are screened in all this is supposed to be one of the main roots out of Afghanistan for tons and tons of American supplies
Pakistani clothes this portal crossing to us equipment is closed right now are the times its just too dangerous is a suicide attack your a few days ago
captain Kevin bolt is responsible for monitoring the crossing and worries what might happen if there's no US presidents and the Afghan troops training on ready to handle it
definitely want to make sure we get the most out of bar the time in the blood sweat spent in a 9 in Afghan
Major General James McConville from the hunter orange is the commander of about 10200 Eastern fence Tampa
chopper Reid to show progress bases McConnell shutdown the general from Boston ran 58 last bring it down to 13 the rest transfer to the Afghan army and police
11 by Afghan general tool
general have to look older
forces are still depended on McConville a whole lot
Need for the iPhone 4
uni5 the 10 mini day is it in Philadelphia
when does the final Francisco on the war in opened in 2001 closes
I don't know I don't I don't really know when the actual and is what I know is Ron appositive
appositive train right now to the Afghans haven't really Trupti for future
US Afghan deal McConnell
in the tens of thousands of men the command in limbo
the legacy of America's longest war
are now open questions
I was here say Karzai is probably negotiating a risk losing the most powerful biker this country is ever had Brian
Richard Engel i from Afghanistan for us tonight Richard thank you and still have for us this evening secret agent supply
homeland name from The Beatles in a real life trailer exposed
hold the phone who is that
on the other end of the butterball hotline
insta kind of thing we never know about while it's happening because we're not allowed to but tonight we are learning more about a secret areas quantanamo Bay called Penny Lane where after 9/11 the CIA took a sizable rest
we get more on the story from Archie foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell
hidden only a few hundred yards from the Guantanamo prison ministry of offices
I top secret compound of colleges now abandoned by 10 years ago following 911 codenamed Penny Lane an ironic allusions
Beatles song just as get my was code named strawberry fields forever Penny Lane was more like home and then a magical mystery tour
first
chapter and verse I can go back
just as in the TV series the CIA try to turn hardcore 1 Tomo detainees in a double agents make them back into a car
it would be responsible for the CIA or other intelligence organizations not to use these detainees to help protect United States against Detroit axe and that might well include using these operas as future agents to disrupt other attacks
the prisoners were in tights with Penny Lane special accommodations real beds and mattresses private kitchens in showers even pornography for those who ask and they were paid millions of dollars from a secret CIA account code Dame play
what day was always attract that was back Turnagain is a terrorist attack the US
I think it was very ill conceived program for them to think that because these are some very hardcore individuals and many homes have been released by both administrations have gotten back in to fight us in our allies unfortunately
4 pics of a the CIA even considered income Pakistani former one time a prisoner's back to the US on student visa to track down a US territory that idea was apparently dropped in there is no evidence that any of this ever work
my 2006 the entire project was abandoned Penny Lane remains 8 overgrown cottages
the desperate mindset after 9/11 Andrea Mitchell of NBC News Washington
and we're back in just a moment with something we said here on the air last night I got a response from Earth orbit
CBS News an ounce today at some posing a leave of absence on 60 minutes correspondents Lara Logan and her producer max McClellan after their work
Benghazi was revealed to be wrong and based on a witness lied and internal CBS News report says that was Noah ball before the peace aired
and MSNBC Alec Baldwin have had what they are calling a neutral particle the way up late with Alec Baldwin on MSNBC has gone to bed earlier
lasting only 5 episodes and is no more Baldwin received a rafter bad publicity after a tirade in some subsequent Runions with paparazzi
what princess is getting a lot of attention tonight for the mission statement gestation for the Catholic Church she would like to see in the future
it was a kind of summary of a lot of things he's been saying lately he writes that the church must reform itself and pay more attention to the poor Ilsa wrote the church must quote abandon the complacent attitude that says we have always done it this way
notably he does go on to make clear the church doctrine on issues like abortion will not change elsewhere on the Pope schedule
this week was a meeting with who we should note showed up to meet the Pope 50 minutes late
back in this country environmental officials are conducting a damage assessment after a towboat carrying 100 thousand gallons of fuel cell
can the Mississippi River after striking something in the water along the way it's now leaking fuel in the water stretch a river in eastern I was close to bar traffic will they try to figure out how bad this weekend how to contain a
because we have a reason to believe they would be watching us last night on this broadcast we ask the crew of the International Space Station to do is a big favor
and I try to take a picture of a house in Australia as they fly over head 17000 miles an hour giver take it looks like they're going to try to oblige today the NASA flight engineer on board the space station reply to whats on Twitter quotes
that is a tough picture to take but we will give it a try now the house in question is the Guinness record holder for the most Christmas lights at just over a half a million
so we naturally figure it would be visible from space and we couldn't help but notice using one of the members many International Space Station web trackers
what are loftiest viewers have flown over Australia tonight since we been on the air so I hope you're high
well she was born the daughter of hippies 43 years ago this coming Thursday so please join us in wishing happy Thanksgiving happy birthday and happy things
giving her name is happy Thanksgiving because hippies just used to think that way because otherwise she would have a name Tracy or something more conventional when we come back here tonight of Thanksgiving first real man talking Turkey
finally here tonight 150 years ago today the President Lincoln sign the proclamation marking a national day of Thanksgiving and ever since then turkeys have been scared and the days since the invention of the
phone people have been calling for the butterball hotline this year there is something new you might notice on the other end of the line we got that story tonight from NBC's Kevin Tibbles
Fox if your turkey is still in the freezer you're in big trouble don't panic talk turkey
4 users been helpful voice on the other end of the line to help with turkey baster fees Carol Miller doing it since the early days
since 1984 and I think if he do that Mathis lake 29 years how is a sweet Bay vet
this year butterball has decided States high time someone else answered the phone to Butterball turkey taco help you yes man men doin just do the carving anymore butterball says 42 percent of the play a role in cooking turkey stew
what's the typical male color say aside from help
on the first of all you got to talking down